Document limitations of Chrome debugger (#4210)
realm/realm-js: README.md

## Known issues

> * The Chrome Debugger does not support `Realm.Set`, `Realm.Dictionary`, `Realm.Mixed` and `Realm.UUID`. Please consider to try out our [Hermes releases](https://github.com/realm/realm-js/issues/3940) and use [Flipper](https://fbflipper.com/) as debugger. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Chrome Debugger does not support `Realm.Set`, `Realm.Dictionary`, `Realm.Mixed` and `Realm.UUID`. Please consider trying out our [Hermes releases](https://github.com/realm/realm-js/issues/3940) and using [Flipper](https://fbflipper.com/) as debugger. 
```
